Add section explaining server preferred addresses (#131)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-quic-proxy: draft-ietf-masque-quic-proxy.md

used over multiple network paths. Note that the client CID and target CID
can stay the same while the target VCID and client VCID change.

## Handling Server Preferred Addresses {#preferred-address}

QUIC allows servers to tell clients about a preferred address the server

> would like to use. When this happens, the client can migrate to the preferred

Reviewer: nit: add reference to Section 9.6 of RFC 9000

address.

When a client using a proxy wants to migrate to the preferred address of the

> target server, it needs to create a new CONNECT request to the proxy (using

Reviewer: nit: this would match the title of 9298 better

```suggestion
target server, it needs to create a new UDP proxying request to the proxy (using
```

the method defined in {{CONNECT-UDP}}) targeting the preferred address of the

> target. This is the behavior clients using a proxy will have regardless of using

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit out of date but how does it indicate the preferred address, by passing an IP rather than a name?

the QUIC-aware mechanisms defined in this document. From the proxy's perspective,
the migrating request is separate from the original request.

Note that clients can be aware of the target address being used for the original
proxy request by looking at `next-hop` parameter on a `Proxy-Status` header
sent by the proxy in its response ({{Section 2.1.2 of ?RFC9209}}). This allows
a client to know if it ought to migrate to the preferred address, or is already

> connected to the preferred address.

Reviewer: Maybe it would help to add something here like "For this reason, proxies implementing this specification SHOULD send the `Proxy-Status` header and include the `next-hop` parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
connected to the preferred address. To support the ability of clients to do this, proxies
implementing this specification SHOULD send the `Proxy-Status` header in responses
and include the `next-hop` parameter.
```
